---
title: Prune v1.2.0 Release Candidate 4
layout: default
---

### Prune 1.2.0 ###

Well, it took a little while -- I got busy with other things and RC4 just languished for a while as being good enough for me. I only remembered that I hadn't done the release a few days back, and with holiday events happening, it wasn't a great time to put out a release.

### Release Notes ###

That said, I found some time this afternoon, and there's a new release of Prune ready to go. The [changes](https://github.com/geoffreywiseman/prune/issues?milestone=4&state=closed) are basically the same ones I listed during the release candidate phase:

- Explicit support for configuration with the new `--config` switch, which will copy the core retention policy to a .prune file in the specified directory, and open it for editing (using EDITOR or VISUAL environment variables).
- Load external configuration files so that you can have a custom retention policy on a per-folder basis as need be.
- Improved messages when no archiving necesary.
- Improved display for categories with no matching files.
- Added spec to ensure that modification time isn't the only means of categorizing files.
- Using bundler to manage dependencies.
- Improvements to code quality (thanks [Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/geoffreywiseman/prune)!)
- Minor updates to dependencies for new versions of dependencies, such as Rake 10.x. (thanks [Gemnasium](https://gemnasium.com/geoffreywiseman/prune)!)
- Configured for [continuous integration](https://travis-ci.org/geoffreywiseman/prune) (thanks, Travis!)
- Explicitly filter "." and ".." directories as well as ".prune" files.
- Verified that it's possible to categorize based on something other than modified time (this was already true, but now it's tested).

### Getting Prune ###

The simplest way to [install prune](/prune/install.html) is as a ruby gem, but there are  lots of other options.

